README.md, before:

# pannellum-translation
A central place for translated user-facing strings for the panorama viewer library called [Pannellum](https://github.com/mpetroff/pannellum).

[Pannellum](https://github.com/mpetroff/pannellum) includes english strings by default which can be overwritten to create a localized experience for the user/s.

The actual file names holding the strings should conform to the **[ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1) and (if necessary) [3166-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-2) Codes** like so: `DE.json` => `German`, sometimes you need more precision for some dialects e.g. German Bavarian would be `DE-BY.json`

If you have a request for a translation, **only** open an issue **if it doesnt exist already!** Instead express your interest inside the existing issue.

## NPM

You can find the package [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pannellum-translation).

## If you want to contribute:

Check out the american english [`US.json`](https://github.com/DanielBiegler/pannellum-translation/blob/master/US.json) file to get an idea of how this works.
Note how there are substitutions `%s` e.g. `"The file %s could not be accessed."`!

1. Fork this repo.
2. Create a branch e.g. `add-german-translation`.
3. Create a JSON file with the correct **ISO codes** e.g. `ES.json`.
4. Translate the strings.
5. Make a pull request.
6. Now your changes will be reviewed by native speakers to ensure quality.
7. If the quality is acceptable, your translation will be merged. Thank you for contributing.

Commit message:

Update README: `IETF language tags` JSON filenames

README.md, after:

# pannellum-translation
A central place for translated user-facing strings for the panorama viewer library called [Pannellum](https://github.com/mpetroff/pannellum).

[Pannellum](https://github.com/mpetroff/pannellum) includes english strings by default which can be overwritten to create a localized experience for the user/s.

The actual file names holding the strings should conform to the **[IETF language tags](https://datahub.io/core/language-codes#resource-ietf-language-tags) like so: `de.json` => `German`, sometimes you need more precision for some dialects e.g. German Bavarian would be `de-by.json`

If you have a request for a translation, **only** open an issue **if it doesnt exist already!** Instead express your interest inside the existing issue.

## NPM

You can find the package [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pannellum-translation).

## If you want to contribute:

Check out the american english [`US.json`](https://github.com/DanielBiegler/pannellum-translation/blob/master/en-US.json) file to get an idea of how this works.
Note how there are substitutions `%s` e.g. `"The file %s could not be accessed."`!

1. Fork this repo.
2. Create a branch e.g. `add-german-translation`.
3. Create a JSON file with the correct **IETF language tag** e.g. `es.json`.
4. Translate the strings.
5. Make a pull request.
6. Now your changes will be reviewed by native speakers to ensure quality.
7. If the quality is acceptable, your translation will be merged. Thank you for contributing.
